Ray Alcorn of Park Real Estate Inc remarks that real estate is a capital-intensive industry, and its health rises and falls with capital availability; currently the capital markets are so ....... with cash, they can't find a place for it all.
(a) flood 
(b) fluid 
(c)  flush 
(d) full

Boom times typically engender oversupply of product, but construction prices have skyrocketed due to natural disasters and rising commodity prices, which has ....... new building in all property types.
(a) ameliorated 
(b) mollified 
(c)  tempered 
(d) transformed

Rising consumer interest rates will further slow consumer purchasing and the housing market, and may produce the desired soft ........
(a) dealing 
(b) ending 
(c)  landing 
(d) spending

Historically, contractions in capital have a negative effect on valuations, and current ....... from government regulators aiming to trim commercial banks' real estate loan exposure are worrisome.
(a) groundings 
(b) grumblings 
(c) ramblings 
(d)  rumblings

Global markets are literally awash in capital, all of it seeking yield and stability; fortunately, commercial real estate offers both, and even if banks are constrained there is a ....... of capital to fill the void.
(a) cache 
(b) niche 
(c)  surfeit 
(d) surplus

Construction costs have gone through the ....... in the past year due to natural disasters and increased commodity prices.
(a) budget 
(b) gauntlet 
(c)  roof 
(d) stock

High construction costs and condo conversions have reduced new supply and a slowing housing market increases rental demand, so owners can now flex their muscles with rent increases, and those who bought at high valuations may yet get the ........
(a) brush off 
(b) cat's meow 
(c) door prize 
(d)  last laugh

Areas with declining employment and population will experience an acceleration of those trends, and investors will not acquire properties in such markets without good reason to believe a comeback is in the ........
(a) off chance 
(b) offer 
(c) offering 
(d)  offing

Retail properties will suffer as owners rediscover risk as a component of value, but most of these assets are owned by well-capitalized private equity groups that can easily ....... the storm.
(a) keep up with 
(b)  ride out 
(c) sail into 
(d) wriggle out of

Acquisition of stabilized properties at low cap rates with little potential for rent growth is a sure ....... for below market returns.
(a) receipt 
(b)  recipe 
(c) recipient 
(d) reward