This paper by Derek Miers received critical ....... when it was published in 1996, and the issues highlighted are just as relevant today.
(a)  acclaim 
(b) applause 
(c) attention 
(d) awareness

Over recent years information technology has experienced an unprecedented degree of change, enabling the transformation of the basic ....... of business.
(a) machinations 
(b) machines 
(c) mechanics 
(d)  mechanisms

Within the next years we will see the emergence of secure, cost-effective electronic payment systems to ....... these technologies.
(a) accent 
(b) accept 
(c)  augment 
(d) augur

Those waiting for clear signs of this new age before acting will forever be destined to observe from the ........
(a) back seat 
(b) bleachers 
(c) caboose 
(d)  sidelines

The fundamental opportunity offered by the Internet is for suppliers to gain direct access to consumers without the attendant costs associated with the maintenance of physical distribution channels-- people, bricks and ........
(a) bats 
(b) concrete 
(c)  mortar 
(d) sticks

Markets and marketing concepts will change radically, driven by those companies who successfully ....... the challenge.
(a) forge through 
(b)  rise to 
(c) set up 
(d) take in

11th-century Europe saw the emergence of credit-based banking systems and financial instruments such as bills of exchange, and these concepts remain with us, in their modified form, ........
(a) day after day 
(b) nowadays 
(c)  to this day 
(d) up until today

These basic concepts ....... all modern forms of commerce.
(a) overhaul 
(b) overspread 
(c)  underpin 
(d) underscore

The rise of the Internet since the ....... of the World Wide Web has provided an easy-to-use communication channel for businesses to contact current and potential customers.
(a)  advent 
(b) convention 
(c) event 
(d) provenance

The emergence of the Internet as a general communication channel has also given ....... to the possibility of widespread electronic commerce.
(a) hope 
(b)  rise 
(c) thought 
(d) voice