Melissa Campanelli, a marketing and technology writer in Brooklyn, comments on the reasons for dotcoms to open a physical store to extend their life ........
(a) lengths 
(b) lines 
(c)  spans 
(d) streams

In the traditional realm of business, you open a retail store first and then launch a website, but since the dotcom revolution, many surviving dotcoms that skipped that first step are realizing the benefits of opening a ....... location.
(a)  brick-and-mortar 
(b) plaster-of-paris 
(c) rock-solid 
(d) set-in-stone

Anyone that has a business plan with a goal of e-commerce needs to ....... that business plan with a retail reality.
(a)  augment 
(b) engineer 
(c) generate 
(d) offset

"We realized very early that we could not exist purely as a dotcom," says Sal Perisano, of iParty Corp, "We knew we needed some terrestrial link, some reality other than a virtual company, to ....... what we were doing."
(a) belay 
(b) belie 
(c)  bolster 
(d) brook

Physical stores give your customers a more convenient way to return goods and try out products — two options analysts say are ....... missing from Net stores.
(a) rashly 
(b) roughly 
(c)  sorely 
(d) stiffly

Owning a store offers a natural ....... flow into and out of the store, which allows an entrepreneur to gather names and begin direct-to-consumer marketing programs.
(a) goods 
(b) pedestrian 
(c) physical 
(d)  traffic

However, opening a retail store is an expensive ........
(a) exploration 
(b) exposition 
(c) imposition 
(d)  proposition

For those of you who lack the funding needed to open a retail store right now, try renting a ....... in a local shopping mall.
(a) barrow 
(b) hut 
(c)  kiosk 
(d) table

If you do want to set up ......., you should do whatever you can to learn about launching and running a traditional retail business before you do so.
(a) business 
(b) operation 
(c)  shop 
(d) store

Your best ....... is to determine ahead of time whether a multichannel strategy is a good move for your dotcom.
(a)  bet 
(b) chance 
(c) effort 
(d) thought