According to the Government Communication Network (GCN), a plan for internal communications should be ....... into every communication strategy.
(a) initiated 
(b)  integrated 
(c) interwoven 
(d) involved

Winning the support of internal ....... can be as important as reaching key external audiences, and will be vital to the success of your communication programme.
(a) jobholders 
(b) placeholders 
(c)  stakeholders 
(d) stockholders

Internal communications need exactly the same kind of analysis and strategy as external communications: there will be distinct audience groups who should be ......., and the same processes of information collection and insight generation apply to internal as to external groups.
(a) sectioned 
(b)  segmented 
(c) segregated 
(d) sequestered

Far from being the poor ....... of external communication, internal communication performs a crucial role within government.
(a) neighbor 
(b) offspring 
(c)  relative 
(d) sibling

By ....... staff with the departmental vision and values so that they can apply them in their day-to-day work, it creates a culture that does two things: it improves policy delivery and it increases the chance of meeting departmental objectives.
(a) endearing 
(b)  engaging 
(c) inducing 
(d) inoculating

Organisations that have a strong communications function frequently ....... those that don't; private sector companies that communicate effectively have a 19.4 per cent higher market premium than companies that do not.
(a)  outperform 
(b) outrank 
(c) overdo 
(d) overrule

As with external communications, it is not enough to have a tactical approach; every department should have an internal communications strategy that is developed, implemented and monitored according to industry ....... practice and the needs of staff.
(a)  best 
(b) in 
(c) made 
(d) style

Printed or online surveys might be your first port of ....... when it comes to understanding communication needs within your department.
(a) action 
(b)  call 
(c) entry 
(d) resort

Before selecting a research method, produce a ....... that sets out clear objectives and explains what you are trying to achieve.
(a)  brief 
(b) draft 
(c) mission 
(d) portfolio

You might also need to set up a different dialogue with each team within your department to take on ....... cultural differences.
(a)  board 
(b) other 
(c) serious 
(d) viewing