Generally Accepted Accounting Principles are a set of accounting ....... approved by the professional accounting industry.
(a)  standards 
(b) suggestions 
(c) syllabuses 
(d) systems

GAAP are a combination of ....... rules set by policy boards and the commonly accepted ways of recording and reporting financial information.
(a)  authoritative 
(b) guideline 
(c) optional 
(d) overriding

They can become accepted either as a result of due ....... or as a result of long term practice.
(a) placement 
(b) polling 
(c) procedure 
(d)  process

Accountants cannot express the opinion that financial statements are "in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles" if such information includes any ....... from these principles.
(a)  departures 
(b) duplications 
(c) projections 
(d) quotations

After the Stock Market ....... of 1929, the American Institute of Accountants introduced five broad principles of accounting which have won fairly general acceptance.
(a) Bubble 
(b) Bust 
(c)  Crash 
(d) Plunge

It is relatively unimportant to investors what reporting method is used by a company, so long as they are assured that it is followed ....... every year.
(a) conclusively 
(b)  consistently 
(c) constantly 
(d) cooperatively

In 1934, the U.S. Congress created the Securities and ....... Commission (SEC), giving it the authority to prescribe the methods used in preparing financial statements.
(a) Earnings 
(b) Economic 
(c) Evaluation 
(d)  Exchange

In 1938, Congress permitted companies to use a new ....... method, lifo, for income tax purposes.
(a) inclusive 
(b) introductory 
(c)  inventory 
(d) investment

In 1939, the AIA recommended the phrasing, "present fairly in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles" in the standard form of the ....... report.
(a)  auditor's 
(b) financial 
(c) management 
(d) stockholders'

The P & L monograph of 1940 promulgated the "....... principle", which places primary emphasis on the correspondence of costs with the revenues that they produce.
(a) alignment 
(b) approximation 
(c) concord 
(d)  matching