Common shareholders have the right to elect directors, to vote on certain corporate matters, and to share in any ....... assets of the company if it is wound up.
(a) reclaimed 
(b) released 
(c) relevant 
(d)  residual

Common shareholders are the last to claim assets in cases of ........
(a) dissolution 
(b)  insolvency 
(c) insurgency 
(d) resolution

Preferred shareholders may have no voting rights, but special features on redemption or ....... of preferred shares into common shares exist in many cases.
(a)  conversion 
(b) merging 
(c) morphing 
(d) transformation

U.S. Savings Bonds are backed by the general credit and taxation powers of the federal government, so there is virtually no risk of ........
(a) bankruptcy 
(b)  default 
(c) depression 
(d) retraction

A bond is a loan by an investor to the government or a company, which generally promises to pay a specified rate of interest and to repay a certain amount, the ....... value of the bond, at maturity.
(a) base 
(b)  face 
(c) initial 
(d) official

Certificates of Deposit (CDs) are short-term, interest-bearing savings certificates issued by banks or brokers, bearing a maturity date and a specified interest rate; they can be issued in any ........
(a) condition 
(b)  denomination 
(c) jurisdiction 
(d) nation

Money-market mutual funds (MMMF) pool money from large numbers of investors and use it to buy short-term investments, such as T-Bills and commercial ........
(a) blocks 
(b) contracts 
(c)  paper 
(d) stock

The returns on mutual funds depend on the fund's investment objectives, described in its ......., and its success in achieving them.
(a) articles of incorporation
(c)  prospectus
(b) leaflets
(d) submissions

....... funds are much like mutual funds, but shares are not issued or redeemed on an ongoing basis; a set number of shares are issued and then listed on an exchange for trade among investors.
(a)  Closed-end 
(b) Finite 
(c) Limited 
(d) Short-line

Options give the holder the right to buy ('call' option) or sell ('.......' option) a security at a specific price for a specific period of time.
(a) offer 
(b) place 
(c)  put 
(d) vend